big crash with my grandpa and that is
the hottest thing there is without joke me
like these maps and with this level
no idea here I do not know if
I do not have any I go to this
map with this sniper and then it runs
actually again what I wanted to say
it is again a week ago by a
video made this time it was because
I had films with black ops 2
but without joke that that
can you stand him the game that i do
So I can not do that at all
Clear and the people are so rude
the community is so take a look
a good one here and what he is doing right now
I've seen that in every game
and that's why I agree
decided not to follow films
i am very sorry i had
actually it's over
not and if I live something
comment on the game so you go
he has only 23 seconds reaction time
Cuckoo Koke and before you shot down
will or sun and you have to say there
There is not so much right now
to comment live
and I would like to join me too
entertain a few people or something and so
that may be so
edited together
but the people I met yes
they've been insulting for a long time and
that is boring too that is
boring consistently offended
and that's why I am now
decided against
euro to play this game
yes and now we are up here again
the map big crash on the way what wanted
I still say
As compensation for that, I just
again full of inactivity rays
So I can say an excuse
One day I could not get there
I come to a chair and then I have
the assembled and I can you
now a short excerpt
show a smart here yes and the
Study is pretty cool
I think one of the most cut
battle vs videos of me doing well the
want to have said first then then
have you heard the excuses right away?
And what is there really big?
to say oh so yes exactly as
Compensation for that I am now
had so much to do and so will I.
pretty much complete at 9000 subscribers
special because we are learning now
the 9000 subscribers
we call ourselves the 9000 subscribers and
I actually had at 1000 2000 before
3000 4000 5000 7500 10.000 subscribers in
special but I thought
come on then you just do it now
one at 9000 and 10,000 me
believe there you will become so
now none of you hopefully interfere
and yes what is a ten new gameplay
is mio now I'm not allowed anymore
die so now I'm me
wants to concentrate
Well , it gets a little bit scarcer
it works but it works but i pretty much
Well, really , whenever I play gameplays
make a comment and live comment that is
really live here
I'll jump now I'll see myself
everything looks live live to the back
because it really works on the stove
really every second time I do it
works great shit now
Now please relinquish please position
explode
no no that would even be no that would
look so horny and I do not have
you hit how cool would that be
now if we have our one
death on the mac is actually running
Master it's easy is easy
pretty cool I'm rather that is
even my favorite even now
for victory village now prefer
but hardly Walter Passmann
that is not working at all anymore
holistically concerted, may i use them
all gone shit horny gameplay messed up
my car falls to me but what me
It is not necessary to tell you
more so many enemies are not serious
Now this is going to be a spot here
Video
I know that I knew that right
also one but I did not want to kill
I messed up the score I have him
almost a bitter moment for the bitter
duty gamer
that's sad that's
sad what i have in the special
will do
I will not tell you that yet
next summer after the last part
made and yes i hope i hope in
I apologize
yes and I say goodbye now
you and please write again
under the video because I do not know why
I just want to get the movie again
Place follow where I just
somehow player so hit more game
what could also do and mini
play must be something fun fun
Do you have that again
bad scoreboard good ok bye
and see you next time